README.md, before:

# hw1-Horiseon

# Building the project
- I built this project to make this website more interactive for the users that go to this site. This website uses HTML and CSS. See below on the steps I took to get this project running. 
  - -   **for the website if you click the links at the top of the page they will direct you to the area your looking for on the page.**

# Installation
- For this project we were given a repo to copy so I started off making a repo for the project in my github account. I then cloned the repo to gitbash and added an HTML file along with a CSS file. I moved the images to my repo and pushed the project to my repo in github.

#   html working steps 
-  As stated above, this website is HTML and CSS based. The first things I did to the website was add a new title instead of just website. I opened the file in the browser to set up my starting point after that. 
    - I needed to link my style sheet so in the header I added the link to my style sheet.  
    -   The next thing I changed was to make sure the links at the top of the page were all active. I needed to change the search engine optimization link to be active so I added a div ID to it and got the link to be active.
    - All images have ALT tags as the company specified.

#   images of the HTML code
![alt text] (htmlfile0.png)

Commit message:

added link to the readme file

README.md, after:

# hw1-Horiseon

# Building the project
- I built this project to make this website more interactive for the users that go to this site. This website uses HTML and CSS. See below on the steps I took to get this project running. 
  - -   **for the website if you click the links at the top of the page they will direct you to the area your looking for on the page.**

# Installation
- For this project we were given a repo to copy so I started off making a repo for the project in my github account. I then cloned the repo to gitbash and added an HTML file along with a CSS file. I moved the images to my repo and pushed the project to my repo in github.

#   html working steps 
-  As stated above, this website is HTML and CSS based. The first things I did to the website was add a new title instead of just website. I opened the file in the browser to set up my starting point after that. 
    - I needed to link my style sheet so in the header I added the link to my style sheet.  
    -   The next thing I changed was to make sure the links at the top of the page were all active. I needed to change the search engine optimization link to be active so I added a div ID to it and got the link to be active.
    - All images have ALT tags as the company specified.

#   css working steps
-   my first step for the CSS sheet was to figure out what needed to be reorganized to match the tags in the HTML file.
-   Once I figured out what I needed to move around I began to move around the files and condense the files that didn't need to be in there own style sheet.
-   the main style sheet that stuck out to me was that there was an image inside one of the style sheets so I moved that over to my HTML file to keep it in order with the rest of the images. The other thing I did that image was added an alt tag and width and height and took it out of the style sheet.

# images
-   I made a seperate file on my repo for the code and comments. The HTML is labeled html, CSS is labeled css, and to see a snap shot of the website there are three different images for that in the file as well.

# link to the deployed website
[deployed-link](https://clintrizzo.github.io/hw1-Horiseon/#online-reputation-management)
